[Music]
A big kiss, a big kiss.  Let's see, I
wanted to share this video with you,
a piece of Mik e's live show in case you hadn't
seen it, where he talks about the
subject of Gloria Camila and how she's now
being incorporated back into the lore of
Tele5, okay?  And Maik reminds us of
some episodes in Gloria Camila's life
that we seem to have
forgotten.  But of course, where does gravity come from
?  The seriousness comes from the
fact that Tele5 couldn't talk about this
because they had to sell the
story that Rocío Carrasco and Fidel
Diac were the white dove,
perfect victims of a pack of
harassing dogs.  Well, the truth is,
the most serious thing about this whole situation, I
repeat and insist, is not that Rocío
Carrasco and Fidel Diac are two racists,
which they are.  The thing is, Maica does
n't hold back, right?  I've
become quite a coward, eh?  I've
become a mocagón, eh, since I've been
sued 28 times.  Phew!  It's that, hm, the
town councils, the
public administrations have, let's see, I don't know if you
remember, we were dealing with it in
depth during the whole
period of the Ducus Serie, I think it was during
the second Ducie, above all, right?  And there
are witnesses that Fidel
referred to children as
immigrants, right?  That's what
several journalists have said, and I think
Antonio Rossi was one of them, right?
that was in front.  I mean, it's not
like, well, it's just a rumor of these
things that are said, right?  And they repeat themselves
a lot to make it true, don't they?
That's that's true, you know?   I
mean, you might think that a
person is wrong, but since
several witnesses are telling you this,
well, the truth is that it
doesn't seem like a lie.   You
want to browse the
internet safely and also access all the
content on your favorite platforms
like Netflix, HBO Max, or Disney Plus,
Cyberghost, or VPN.  And I don't know if you
know this, but there's content that is
n't available in your country, and with this
little trick, you can access all the
content, wherever you are.  I don't know if you
know what a VPN is, but it's an
extension you add to your internet
that masks your IP address. Besides
browsing completely safely and anonymously,
so no one can know who or
where you are, it also lets you access
content that's blocked
in your country.  There are movies and series on
your favorite platforms that are not
available.  There are
television programs, for example, on Media Setet.
content that if you try to view it outside
of Spain, it has a geoblock that doesn't
allow it.  Well, with Cyberghost VPN that's
over.  In addition to being protected and
browsing anonymously, you'll be able to
access content from all over the
world.  Plus, you'll have
complete privacy, as it keeps your connection
private and protects your data, and
ultra-fast speeds eliminate lag in
any online game, so
you can enjoy live streaming without
interruptions.  And as I've already told you,
freedom to access all the
content on the planet, wherever and whenever
you want.  Plus, get an 83%
discount using the link
in the description of this video.  And be
careful, because you can try Cyberghost VPN for
45 days without obligation and if you're not
convinced, you can request a refund and
get your money back.  So don't wait
any longer to protect your connection and enhance
your internet experience.
Click on the link in the description and
take advantage of this super offer.  Cybergost
VPN for completely free and
secure browsing.  We continue with the video.  Worked
on discriminating against and disrespecting
Gloria Camila for not being the
biological daughter of Rocío Jurado, as has
happened in the Chipiona City Council,
where this girl has been ignored
simply for being an adopted daughter.  This
is totally in the Good,
but in all places, that is, in
all senses.
Rocío Jurado's adopted children have been in every
way less than their
biological daughter.  There Rocío Jurado
completely differentiated in inheritance and everything.
How do you see it?  I mean, do you
see it as completely right or do you think that... Well, of
course the excuse there was that they
had their father too, something that
Rocío Carrasco didn't, right?  And so that's why there's
differentiation, but now that
this museum is being built and adopted children aren't even given a vote
, well, I honestly
think it's a bit of a
crime, Alicia, but man,
ugly at the very least, right?  Because it's assumed
that when you adopt, you adopt with all
the consequences, that you're going to be
as if they were as if you had
given birth to them, right?  Mm.  But not me.  Pepa's jaw
must have dropped from the
shock.  Thoughtful face, face sticking out its
tongue and winking an eye.  I don't
want you to overcome any challenges today.  I've
left the challenges there, just in
case.  Hey, I've left the challenges there just in
case, but I don't want you to
complete all the challenges today because I'm sure
the woman might have another heart attack.
crime, because, well,
public administrations have the
obligation to operate in accordance with the
Constitution, which says that it is
prohibited to make distinctions between
biological and adoptive siblings and on top of that, it is
financed by our taxes.  But
well, the Chipiona City Council,
right, Luis Mario Parcero, that
's always going to be able to use the excuse that
Gloria Camila is talking to Rocío Flores,
that she's the seed of evil?  It's not that it
has nothing to do with it, you know?  and who
exercises vicarious violence.  But Rocío
Carrasco also had her father's inheritance
.  Yeah, that was the thing, was
n't it?  They seemed to differentiate that from
inheritance.  But of course, I don't know if
that was fair, right?  Suck on
that, Moreno.  Well, uh, what does Gloria
Camila say?  that she has tried, she has
tried over the years to have
some conversation with Rocío Carrasco, to
smooth things over, to get them
to resume their sisterly relationship, but it has
been totally impossible, that
for Rosío Carrasco that is not included.  Look,
that would go against your story.
Also, for example, in the case of
the children, I've always thought that
what I've always thought is why
not, because at the moment she
divorces Antonio David and all that
stuff or she wants to enjoy her
new life as a boyfriend, not as a mother, you
know?  And go up and down and that whole thing,
right?  That's what I've always thought.
Now, in the case of the sister,
what problem could you have if you didn't want to
talk to your sister?  Well, the
problem is that you have a story
against Antonio David and then, of course,
your sister speaks against
Antonio David, she speaks to your daughter with
whom you don't speak.  So, of course,
Gloria Camila and Rosío Flores are like
best friends, if not really best
friends, apart from being family, right?
So, Javi, the inheritance has to
be repeated in equal parts.  All three
are children.  Yes, Olga, but if you have
children from one father and other children from
another father, that is, without differentiating whether they
are adopted or biological, but from one
father and another father.  If a daughter is
going to receive an inheritance or has one pending, what does that have to
do with it, right?
Because the inheritance belongs to the mother,
then the mother's inheritance
has to be shared equally among the three
children, right?  Now then each one
has his father and has other inheritances
for having his father, right?  Because José
Fernando and Gloria Camila are going to have the
Ortegacano inheritance, but eh, Yuyu
doesn't talk about inheritances here of course, but that's how it is
, right?  Ruso Carrasco unfortunately inherited the
inheritance from
José de Pedro Carrasco very early on.  So,
of course, that excuse about
equalizing was that it didn't make any
sense.  That didn't make any sense.  That
's simply because one is
biological and the other is not.  The others are
like a toy.  Her sister Rocío
Carrasco wants absolutely
nothing to do with her and
has ended up throwing in the
towel.  Well, Gloria Camila, forgive me.
Look, eh, if you don't want to know anything about
their children, Rocío and David Flores, well, if you do
n't want to know anything about your children anymore,
then even more reason to not want to know anything
about your siblings, right?  Well, I don't see it as
more justified, I see it as
less justified, that is, because the issue of
children has been a move that
has nothing to do with not
wanting to talk to your siblings.
Apparently, with José Fernando you do talk
like someone visiting a cousin, you know?
But hey, with Gloria Camila, the thing is what it is
.  with Gloria Camila.  What
happens is that Gloria Camila works at
Telec, she has a good relationship with
Antonio David and she has the relationship she
has with Rocío Flores.  So that's
out of place in the story.  You can't
talk to a person, you know?   It does
n't fit with the whole story he has.
But hey, what do you think?  The
truth is that it is true that
Mike Vasco is right about this.  I'm
assuming you're all subscribed to
Mik's channel, that you're
watching it every night and all that stuff,
okay?  If you don't see it live, you
can watch it on demand because it
's really tough, it's really tough,
really.  I've
become very cautious with age, haven't I?  He says, "Dude,
today is the birthday of two of my friends who are
twins. Can you please congratulate them
? Their names are Aire, Arielis, and
Pamela."  Well, a kiss, Arielis and Pamela.
I hope you don't get too
naughty about the fact that you're twins,
okay?  the typical one about sharing boyfriends and
the boyfriends passed one to the other, No.
[Music]